Create a new folder and inside that folder create two sub-folders: static folder and templates folder.
The static folder will contain our stylesheets and javascripts. The templates folder will contain our html files.
create a new file inside the templates sub-folder and name it "index-dot-html". For testing purposes, let's write some basic "Hello World" code in the html file.

Now let's create a new python file alongside the templates and static sub-folders.
This python file will act as our server.
For this project we need only one module: the Flask module.

Let's check if we have it installed first by checking its version.
Go to your terminal and type the command: python hyphen m flask hyphen hyphen version then hit enter.
You will see something like this if you have it installed.
If not then you need to install it using the command: pip install flask.

All of us have the module installed now, so let's go ahead and do some imports.

From the flask module we're going to import Flask, request and render template.

let's create our app variable.

app = Flask double-underscore name double-underscore.

Now let's tell our app or server what to do when a request is made.

at app dot route, the path and methods.

The following function will be excecuted when a request is made to the root url.

if the request method is a get method, the server will return the index.html file.
We use the render template method for this.

Now if the request method is a post method let's just pass for now.
You don't need any background knowledge on request methods, Flask, HTML, CSS, or JavaScript. Just follow along. This is not a web development tutorial.

We just want to view our results on a browser with some styling instead of the terminal.


write the following code.

Now let's run the app.

Open this url in your browser. Hopefully you will see something like this if you were following along.

Open your developer tools and click the settings icon. scroll down to network and check "Disable cache when dev tools is open".
Make sure you don't close the developer tools untill we're done creating the app.